I recently graduated from the Federal University of Agriculture, Abeokuta in Nigeria. Earlier this year I proceed to one year of compulsory Youth Service for fresh graduates in my country where I was posted to an IT consulting firm.  I currently earn 33, 000 Naira per month (~$50) as a salary given to each youth service corp member by the Federal Government. I live only on this salary from the government, so it is very much difficult for me to gather the such amount of money for the certificate. 

The company I am posted to for my service year also train individuals who want to change career path in tech and Data Analytics is part of the courses. However, the tuition fee for 4 months is about $1200 which I can not afford. Since I do not have the means to register for paid courses, I opted for self-learning, asking people for mentorship, and utilizing YouTube to learn data analysis using Excel, Power BI, and SQL. I am passionate about data and how it can be used to solve real-world problems. Hence, I decided to upskill and improve on the basics I have learnt from free videos online which brought me to get this course on Coursera. I found out this course is not free which made me feel sad at first but I became overwhelmed when I saw the option of financial aid. I have the tools, the passion, willingness and commitment to learning. All I seek is an opportunity to get quality information and guidance to help me progress in the career path I have chosen.


SECTION 2

A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. Earning a certificate will give me a boost to be employable, help me to solve problems with data, and collaborate effectively with developers and stakeholders to analyze, and design predictive models that will drive better business and organization decisions. 

Taking this course will help me to learn and understand better how Data Science is important in businesses and the larger economy as a whole and also to implement it.  This course will help me in defining Data Science, understand how Python could potentially impact businesses and industries, write a thought leadership piece regarding use cases and industry potential of Data Science, explain Data Science to clients, join a community of economists, business leaders, entrepreneurs, and technologists that are shaping the technology world.

Finally, I will love to impact and share knowledge with other individuals who are thinking of having a career in the data analytics and science world, building a community where we solve problems with data and this dream can only come true when I gather enough experience and knowledge I can spread to others.